[singing voice] Aniplex.
[engine revving]
[both gasping]
[booming]
[cell phone ringing]
[Toshikazu] Yeah?
What's that?
The control building, right?
Gotcha.
I'm on my way.
[cell phone beeps]
I've gotta head over
to the sight
of the explosion now.
I'm staying here,
so be safe.
Then if you need me,
don't hesitate to call.
[grunts]
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[sirens blaring]
[Toshikazu] Go on.
[Inagaki] A rigged car hit
the building setting it aflame.
There haven't been any
additional assaults yet
but there is a delay
in evacuating civilian staff.
[booming]
[both gasping]
[Inagaki] Rockets fired
from a moored ship.
It's a landing craft disguised
as a cargo ship.
[exhales]
[beeps]
[phone trilling]
[Toshikazu] Is that you, Dad?
Toshikazu here.
Hey, listen.
We're being attacked
at Yamashita Pier
by some kind
of camouflaged landing craft.
Please request mobilization
of the JSDF.
And...
My Ikazuchimaru.
Send it on over
with Erika's Orochimaru.
[distant rumbling]
‐ [Tatsuya] Miyuki!
‐ [gasps]
Brother!
What's causing this?
All of this shaking?
It must be grenades.
And they've exploded nearby.
Close to the front entrance,
unfortunately.
Do you think the upperclassmen
are okay?
Hmm.
Event security has professionals
with live combat skills.
A typical crime organization
doesn't stand a chance.
[Tatsuya] But according
to the second lieutenant's data,
foreign institutions could
be involved as well.
If so...
[door opens]
[gasps]
[all shouting]
[grunts]
[all screaming]
[Man] Do as we say!
Take off your devices
and put them on the floor!
Hey, that goes for you, too!
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] There are two more
out front.
Looks like there
are six intruders in all.
[Man] Hey!
Your CAD!
Drop it, you hear me?
[grunts]
Dammit!
[crackling]
Ah!
[grunting]
[grunts]
What are you?
[grunting]
[grunts]
[screaming]
[groans]
Oh, brother, here.
I'll remove the blood.
Stand still for a moment.
[magical whooshing]
[both gasping]
[gasps]
[Boy] Get 'em, guys!
[both shouting]
[Honoka] Hey, Tatsuya!
Those bullets,
they didn't hurt you, did they?
I'm all right.
Oh, thank goodness.
Okay, what are we going
to do now?
The battle's still going.
The magicians on guard duty
are fighting the intruders
at the front entrance.
[both gasping]
[Tatsuya] Even if we make
a run for it,
we should wipe out
these gunmen first.
"I'm going alone.
You guys wait here."
Is that what you're going
to say?
[grunts]
Better to stay together
than be attacked
once we've split up.
[all chuckling]
[Shinkurou] Wait!
Hold on a second, Tatsuya!
[Tatsuya] What do you want,
Shinkurou Kichijouji?
Just now that spell attack
you made,
that was Molecular Divider,
wasn't it?
[all gasping]
It was!
That's a top secret
move developed
by Major Sirius,
former USNA commander of Stars,
Combat Magicians Brigade.
[Tatsuya] A misunderstanding
resulting
from half baked knowledge.
That's convenient.
[Shinkurou] How can you
possibly use that?
‐ [Tatsuya] If I used it‐‐
‐ [gasps]
[Tatsuya] What's it
matter anyway?
I don't have time
to debate that with you now.
[gasps]
[shouting, glass breaking]
[booming]
[car horns honking]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Mayumi] Ah‐chan.
‐ Uh?
‐ [Mayumi] Ah‐chan!
Student council president!
[gasps]
Mayumi!
You can't just sit there.
At this rate everybody
might start to panic.
Some people may even get hurt.
So then,
use your magic.
Calm them all down.
[gasps]
But I can't!
That's what it's for, though.
Your power is what
we need right now.
It's not my power
nor Mari's power
nor even Suzune's power.
Azusa, your power is tailor made
for this situation.
[mutters]
‐ [Mayumi] Hey, don't worry.
‐ [gasps]
I'll take responsibility
for you.
I'm not a Saegusa for nothing,
after all.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[magical whirring]
[indistinct chatter]
[grunts]
[clangs]
[Mayumi] Attention, everybody.
all: Huh?
I'm the former student
council president
of First High,
Mayumi Saegusa.
As a Ten Master Clans member,
I will now relay
to you what information
I have on the situation
at this moment.
The city of Yokohama
is currently under attack
by an unidentified ship.
As well as a terrorist group
which had been lurking
in the city.
The convention center
also appears to be a target.
There is an underground tunnel
to a shelter
in the train station.
Although we can't be
too optimistic.
I don't know if it can withstand
a ground trooper assault
or for how much time.
A rescue ship is reportedly
making its way over
to the Mizuho Pier,
but it would be
extremely dangerous
to head towards the docks,
particularly amid heavy
artillery fire.
And yet the most
dangerous option
you could choose would be
to stay right here
in the hall wasting time.
If you're evacuating to shelter,
please take that tunnel.
If you are planning to flee,
head to Mizuho Pier.
Second High,
gather up!
Form a line right here!
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps]
‐ [Mayumi] Ah‐chan.
‐ Ah.
Yeah?
I'm leaving everyone
in your care.
[Azusa] Huh?
President‐‐oh, I mean,
Miss Mayumi!
You realize it after all.
Good.
I'm not the student council's
president anymore.
[Mayumi] You are.
You'll be fine.
You can do it.
[gasps]
[giggles]
[gunfire]
[chuckles]
[Tatsuya] The enemy
is firing off
special anti‐magician
high speed bullets.
Tatsuya.
You are merciless.
[Shizuku] But thanks to him,
Leo's been spared.
[Tatsuya] Miyuki,
could you silence
the enemy's gunfire?
[Miyuki] Very well, brother.
However, in order to deal
with so many combatants at once,
I'll have to‐‐
[Tatsuya] Yes, I know.
Uh...
[exhales]
[magical whirring]
Huh?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[all grunting]
[squelching]
[all shouting]
[breathing heavily]
[shouts]
[blows landing]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Whoa!
[booming]
[all panting]
[Leonhard exhales]
I never even got a chance.
There, there.
[both gasping]
[Tatsuya] My apologies.
Was that a little too much
for you two?
[Honoka gasps]
No, I'm all right.
[Mizuki] Me, too.
No need to worry.
‐ I'm fine.
‐ [Tatsuya grunts]
[Leonhard] So, uh,
what's the plan now?
We need intel.
Apparently something bigger
and more serious
than we anticipated
is going on.
[Tatsuya] If we wing it,
we could find ourselves
in dire straights.
All right, then.
[both gasping]
Use the VIP conference room.
The convention center
holds meetings
for politicians
and businesses up there.
So you should be able
to access all kinds
of information.
[Erika] I'm impressed you would
know about a room like that.
[Shizuku] Well, my dad came here
for work
and brought me along once
so I know the security key
and access code, too.
All right, Shizuku.
[Tatsuya] Lead the way.
[grunts]
[computer beeping]
[Erika] Whoa, what's this?
Geez, that is so far beyond
messed up.
[Miyuki] Brother?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [exhales]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[inhales sharply]
[Tatsuya] This doesn't
look good, guys.
If we remain here
for much longer,
the enemy will
most likely capture us.
Nevertheless,
we're stuck
with no viable transportation.
Then should we evacuate
to that shelter?
It would be
the most practical option.
So we'll take
the underground tunnel?
No.
‐ Above ground.
‐ Huh?
But why?
[gasps]
[Erika] Right, of course!
[Leonhard] Huh?
However, I would still like
a little more time before
we head over there.
[Honoka] Huh?
Why's that?
I'm destroying the demo devices.
[gasps]
What are you all
still doing here?
‐ [gasps]
‐ I'm deleting the data,
so it won't get stolen.
[Tatsuya] What about
the rest of you?
We can't just run off
and leave you behind,
now can we?
[Katsuto] Shiba.
Saegusa.
[Tatsuya] Yes, Juumonji?
I was under the impression you
had gone ahead
and evacuated already.
[Mari] We stayed to delete
the data.
And does it take over
a dozen people to do that?
President Nakajou has taken all
the other students
to the subterranean passageway.
You should follow her.
The underground tunnel?
‐ [grunts]
‐ Yes, why?
Is something the matter?
[Tatsuya] No.
I'm just a little concerned,
that's all,
since the underground
tunnel isn't a direct route.
[both gasping]
It is possible they might
run into other groups.
‐ Therefore‐‐
‐ They can be attacked.
If that happens,
they could very well be forced
into a head‐on
clash underground.
Hey, Hattori, Sawaki,
go after Nakajou.
Hurry.
‐ [Hattori] Right.
‐ [Midori] Yes, sir.
[Katsuto] I'm going to go patrol
the area
and look for any stragglers.
Kirihara.
[Kirihara] Yes, sir!
Shiba, can I ask you
to take care
of the devices left
in the other room?
[Mari] Meet in the green room
when we're done.
We can figure out our next move
in there together.
[Man] That's an order.
Obey it.
Roger that.
[Mari] Now then,
let's discuss what we're going
to do next.
Only one enemy ship has invaded
our harbor.
Despite this,
the area around the shore
is more or less under
the enemy's control.
[exhales]
[Mayumi] Ground transport
is at a standstill, too.
That may be the work
of guerrilla fighters.
What on Earth could
these soldiers be after, though?
[Mayumi] The fact that
they've targeted Yokohama
means they must
be after something
that only exists here.
Though technically
there's also one in Kyoto.
[Mari] The Magic Association!
Well, to be precise,
they're after the branch
office's main database.
All the crucial data's being
centrally managed
in Kyoto and Yokohama.
When is the rescue ship supposed
to arrive?
It should be reaching the docks
in another ten minutes.
Unfortunately it doesn't look
like it has the capacity
for this large a group
of people.
[beeps]
[grunts]
About Miss Nakajou
and the others
who've headed for the shelter.
Unfortunately, it would appear
that Shiba's concerns
for the tunnel were dead on.
However, this enemy force
is relatively small.
So they should be able
to drive them away
pretty quickly according
to Hattori.
[Mari] You've all been briefed
on the situation.
We have no chance
of getting onto that ship.
At this point,
even if it's somewhat risky,
I believe our only option
is to make our way
to the shelter at the station.
[Mari] I‐‐I agree
with Miss Watanabe's opinion.
And brother?
[gun cocking]
[gasps]
What are you doing?
‐ Hey.
‐ What's wrong, Tatsuya?
[gasping]
[groaning]
Tatsuya?
What was that?
[grunts]
[door opens]
Huh?
‐ [Kyouko] I'm here now.
‐ [gasps]
[gasps]
[Mayumi] Is‐‐is that you,
Miss Kyouko?
Long time no see,
Miss Saegusa.
[distant booming]
[gasps]
[booming]
[grunts]
So they're using
a super sonic launcher.
[car approaches]
Hey, are you with the 101st?
[Shigeru] The Japanese Self
Defense Force's 101st
independent magic
equipped battalion.
And I'm Captain Shigeru Sanada.
Wow, to think you already know
about us.
I guess that's expected
of the head
of the Juumonji clan.
I am impressed.
[grunts]
Pardon me,
but we should both
probably abstain
from such gratuitous chatter.
On the contrary,
excuse me.
Huh?
[Shigeru] Now then,
heir apparent
of the Juumonji clan,
please come this way.
[groans]
[grunt]
‐ [Kyouko] Shiba.
‐ [gasps]
Information control has just
been temporarily disabled.
[all gasping]
[grunts]
[Katsuto] Shiba?
Major Harunobu Kazama.
We are with the JSDF.
[gasps]
Ah, so you're the Major
Harunobu Kazama
I've heard so much about.
I'm an acting master clan
conference representative.
Katsuto of the Juumonji clan.
[all gasping]
Second Lieutenant Fujibayashi.
Given the rundown
on our current situation.
Right.
[beeping]
[Kyouko] At this time,
our forces stationed
at Hodogaya are battling
the invaders.
We also have one battalion each
from Tsurumi and Fujisawa
rushing to this site.
The Kanto branch
of the Magic Association
has taken its own
defensive position.
Well done.
Special officer.
IN light of these
unique circumstances,
our battalion which
had been on its way
to Hodogaya
on a separate mission
has just been ordered
to add our tactical support
to the city defense.
In accordance with the special
assignment regulations,
I hereby order you
to mobilize as well.
[all gasping]
[Harunobu] The Japanese
self defense force requests
that this special officer's rank
remains confidential.
Please be aware this is based
on the JSDF's secrecy
protection law.
I hope you all can understand.
[Sanada] Shiba.
In our trailer we have
the mobile suit you designed
ready for you to put on.
Let's hurry.
[Kyouko] Well,
as for everybody else,
my squad
and I offer you protection.
Sorry.
You all heard what they said.
You should head out
with the upper classmen.
Evacuate to the shelter.
[all gasping]
[Miyuki] Brother.
Please, wait a moment.
[all gasping]
[whimpers]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[exhales]
[magical whooshing]
[all shouting]
What in the heck?
I can't believe it!
There you go, brother.
You've got free reign now.
I'm off, then.
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪